Ng Templates:    
	Ng templates, also known as Angular templates or Angular template syntax, are a crucial 
	part of Angular's 
	declarative approach to building user interfaces. Templates allow you to define the 	
	structure and layout of your application's views.  
		By using ng templates, you can create reusable components, define data bindings between
		the component's properties and the template, 

Ng Container: 
		provides a way to group multiple elements in a template without adding 
		an extra element to the HTML output. It acts as a logical container for other elements, 
		e ng-container will only be rendered if the "condition" is true.
		
Reactive forms: 
		* Reactive forms in Angular provide a powerful way to build dynamic and interactive forms in your application.
		* Use the FormGroup class to create a group of related form controls. 
		* FormBuilder class provides a more concise and convenient way to create form controls and form groups.
		

Unit testing(jest) :Jest is a popular testing framework widely used in the JavaScript and TypeScript ecosystem, 
                     including Angular projects. Jest is known for its simplicity, speed, and comprehensive 
			feature set.
		
		
Gridster:           
	provides features like drag and drop support, resizing of items, grid snapping, 
	responsive layouts, and callbacks for handling events.
		   You can bind data to the grid items, dynamically create or remove items,										
		
Charts in Angular:
		   Charts are a powerful way to visualize data in an intuitive  like Chart.js, ngx-charts, Highcharts, and Plotly.js.

typeScript : 
		TypeScript is a syntactic superset of JavaScript which adds static typing.		   
		  It aims to enhance the development experience by catching errors and providing better tooling support during development.  
		  
		  
Nrwl:     They are well-known for creating Nx, an extensible set of tools for monorepo development.
          Nx is an open-source set of extensible development tools for creating and managing monorepos. 
          
          
          Monorepos :
              are repositories that contain multiple projects or applications within a single codebase. 	
              
              
 Constructor : 
 		 is a special method that is invoked automatically at the time of object creation.     
 		 
 ng-model:
 	 directive binds the value of the input field to the application variable name.	
 	 directive can provide type validation for application data (number, e-mail, required):
 	 The ng-model directive provides CSS classes for HTML elements, depending on their status:

	 If the user changes the value inside the input field, the AngularJS property will also change its value:


 ng-bind :
 	directive binds the content of the <p> element to the application variable name. 
 	The binding goes both ways. If the user changes the value inside the input field, the AngularJS property will also change its value:	 	         	  
 
 
 ng-init : `	
  	directive initializes AngularJS application variables	
  	
  	
 Data binding:
 	in AngularJS is the synchronization between the model and the view.
 	
 	
 data model :
 	is a collection of data available for the application.	
 
 
controllers:
	 control the data of AngularJS applications.	
	 
	 
ngRoute:
	 module helps your application to become a Single Page Application.

	 

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------

good morning ,
Firstly I would like to thanku you 
for giving me this opertunity and it's my pleasure to introduse myself

I am shruti Butte I am from Nanded,currently i am pursing Bachehelore of technology  
department of  computer science from Mgm college of engii ,nanded ,maharastra

I am interrest python, reactJs  
and also good in  html,css ,bootstrap ,tailwind css and  i  can work on mongodb database akso 


my good things are self motivated,fast learner and patience

I have 3 month internship experinece also,
currently i am working in tripo saint as full stack web developer i am working on frontend using reactjs and little bit backend also uisng mongodb 
and graphql i am completing 2 month with and currently i am learning python fremwork flask 
before this internship 

I completed my internship with 11mantras company In this internship i worked on 
E-Commerce website and I used ReactJS and bootstrap for UI design and i work on api also . 
from my intenship i learn how to work with team , how to solve a problem and i also learn how to  complete a 
task with in time  and how to work on real time project this type of things i learnt  from internship 
  

and i also created my portfoli website using html,css and javascript 
in that website i mention all about my self in details manner 
i hosted my website on netify platform also


when i was in seconnd year i had particiapted in ideathon compitaion and i got select for final round of
compitation i feel this is my achivement , and i got 1* on codechef platform in  python programming  

thanku you  this ia all about my introduction
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 	